welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called kong skull
island from 2017.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw the
scene of 1944 and it was the time of
world war ii
the world was collapsing
meanwhile an american plane crashed on a
remote island in the south pacific the
name of the pilot was hank
hank saw that another plane crashed on
this island it was a japanese plane
since there was a war going on between
japan and the united states both of them
started to fight with each other
meanwhile the two giant hands came on
top of the mountain these were the hands
of a giant ape and now the scene shifted
to 1973.
we saw a man named bill and he was the
head of monarch monarch was a government
organization of the united states
he went to the senator and showed him a
map of an island
bill told him that no one else in the
world knows about this island it's only
mentioned in mythology
the name of this island is skull island
it's said that god has left this place
incomplete whoever went there with the
plane or ship has never come back
this place is more dangerous than the
bermuda triangle
in 1954 the us did a nuclear test on
this island
but it was not a nuclear test they were
trying to kill something and if we go to
explore this island we will find so many
valuable things but the senator didn't
allow them to go there actually they
needed funds for this exploration but
when they told the senator that three
days later the russian satellite will
orbit above the island and then they
will have the image of the island and
they will find it out and after hearing
this the senator allowed them and
provided them with funds
in the next scene the whole team went
towards the island
james conrad was also on that ship he
had fought in the vietnam war and james
will guide them in this whole journey
they went closer to the island with
their ship and now they need to get
there in a helicopter but there was a
big storm in front of them and that's
why one of them wanted to go there bill
told them that we will never get this
chance ever again and we must go ahead
they agreed with bill and they entered
the storm with their helicopter there
were lightning strikes everywhere but
when they crossed the storm they finally
reached the skull island and the island
was so beautiful
after reaching there they've dropped
several seismic bombs on that island
seismic bombs are not meant to harm
anyone they just create a vibration
under the earth so that they can find
out what's inside they saw that under
the island it was hollow which means
there were mineral resources underneath
the island they dropped so many bombs
around the island but suddenly a tree
hit a helicopter and they crashed
before they could understand anything
they saw that there was a giant ape
standing in front of them it was so big
that the helicopters were like a toy
they started to fire at the ape and it
got so mad at them it destroyed almost
all of the helicopters the people who
survived the helicopter crash were
divided into two teams
james was leading one team and bill was
leading the other the colonel was in
bill's team and he was so upset about
losing his men he pointed the gun
towards bill and asked him to tell him
everything about this place bill told
him that 30 years ago i was on a ship
called leotan and the ship disappeared
forever
there were 1 000 people on that ship i
was the only survivor of that ship
everyone knows that the ship had sunk
but no our ship never sank on its own
a giant monster drowned our ship i kept
telling people for 30 years about this
but no one believed me
monsters still exist in this world they
ruled the world before us if not today
then tomorrow they will find us and they
will bury us in the ground and once
again they will rule this world i want
you to take us out of here with full
evidence so that we can show the
evidence to the military and then we
will come back and kill these monsters
forever on the other side we saw james
and his team james told them that we
need to get to the ocean by following
the river our ship will stay there for
the next three days somehow we will send
a signal to them so that they can rescue
us from here safely
when they were walking by the lake a
giant cow came out of the water
everyone was so scared after seeing this
but james told them not to shoot
since they didn't shoot it the cow
didn't do anything to them and left they
walked for a while and found some
strangely shaped stones
and then some tribal people surrounded
them from all sides
james and his team pointed their guns
towards them but before they could
understand what they should do hank came
there
hank was a u.s soldier whose plane
crashed here in 1944 during the time of
world war ii
he told james and his team that he will
not harm anyone and after that hank took
them to the village there was a huge
ship there hank told them that this ship
came here 10 years ago after my arrival
on this island when they entered the
ship they saw that there was a statue
and so many portraits of that giant ape
was inside the ship the people of this
village worship the ape
all the people of this island are
totally silent they never talk they have
to take a vow to stay silent for their
whole life
hank told them about the ape
he told them that the name of that giant
ape is kong he is the king of this
island he protects everyone on this
island when my plane crashed here a
japanese plane also crashed after mine
the pilot of that plane became my friend
but under this island there are some
strange lizard-looking creatures they
ate my japanese friend i call them skull
crawlers one of those lizards is so big
that he had eaten the whole species of
kong
kong is the last of his kind there's a
saying that if kong dies then the giant
skull crawlers will come out from the
ground and they will destroy everything
on this island
mason asked hank that why did kong
attack us hank told her that this island
is the home of kong and if you bomb
someone's home then he will also treat
you like kong and when you drop the bomb
the skull crawlers came outside but
luckily kong killed them all if he
didn't kill them then all of you would
have died james told hank that we need
to get to the other side of this island
in the next three days
our ship is waiting there for us hank
told them that you can't even get there
in 30 days but i have a boat and with
that we can get there in three days
but first we need to repair it on the
other side we saw that packard bill and
their team members were moving through
the forest
but suddenly a giant spider attacked
them they were able to kill that giant
spider one of their team members had
been separated from both of the team his
name was chapman when he went to the
river to drink the water he saw that
kong was going through the river kong
didn't see him when kong was drinking
the water a giant octopus attacked him
kong killed that octopus and left
after that chapman sat on a dead tree
but it was not a dead tree it was also a
kind of creature and he ran away from
there because the skull crawler was in
front of him and this skull crawler
killed chapman and then ate him on the
other side we saw that all of them were
repairing the boat there was a
photographer named mason with them she
went to the other side of the village
and this side was closed with a wooden
wall and trap
she saw that their helicopter landed
over a giant buffalo but it was still
alive mason wanted to help that buffalo
but the helicopter was so heavy and
that's why she was not able to move it
but suddenly kong came there and lifted
the helicopter with two fingers and
saved the buffalo mason got so scared
after seeing kong but kong didn't attack
her
rather he looked at her with a look of
hate and then left the next day they
were moving towards the other side of
the island in their boat on the way
their radio started working they told
the other team that very soon we were
going to reach you the leader of this
team was colonel
because bill had died
but then a giant bird-like creature
attacked them and they took one of their
team members with them and killed him
after some time they found the second
team and now they need to go in the
direction of their ship
but the colonel told him that i needed
to go to the west because chapman's
helicopter crashed there actually
colonel packer didn't know that chapman
was dead
hank warned them that we should not go
towards the west because the skull
crawlers stay there but the colonel told
him that your job is just to show us the
way and we need to find the lost
soldiers as soon as possible they agreed
with him and all of them went towards
the west
they reached a valley of skeletons hank
told them that these are dinosaur
skeletons and kong's family members and
when they moved forward through the
skeleton valley the skull crawlers
attacked them along with that those
giant birds also attacked them they were
able to kill the birds and the skull
crawlers hank told colonel packard that
we should get out of this place as soon
as possible this is the area of the
skull crawlers but colonel packer does
not want to leave without chapman james
showed him the locket of chapman and
told him that he had found it inside
that skull crawler this means he is dead
and we should go back but colonel
packard told him that i needed to get to
his helicopter because there were so
many firearms in his helicopter we can
kill kong with those after hearing this
hank got so shocked and told him that he
better not kill khan he protects this
island and the people of this island
worship him
james told colonel that kong didn't kill
chapman he was killed by the skull
crawler we are in danger because of the
skull crawlers but colonel packard said
i will kill the skullcrawlers along with
kong because he had killed so many of my
men
james told him that if you want to get
to the helicopter you can but i will get
to our ship with the others so that we
can stop him
after that colonel packard went towards
the helicopter with his army soldiers
after walking for a while they found the
helicopter which was full of weapons
on the other side james mason and the
other people were walking towards the
boat
james and mason climbed the mountain to
locate their ship
when they reached the top of the
mountain it got dark
and the next moment kong appeared in
front of them they got so scared after
seeing kong
but soon they realized that kong does
not want to harm them at all mason had
already met him once so she touched him
and both of them realized that kong was
just a giant peace-loving ape
suddenly they saw an explosion in the
forest colonel packard and his team did
this explosion actually they have set a
trap for kong
when kong reached there he fell into
their trap he got so badly burnt and
fainted there now they want to kill kong
with bombs
but before they could do it james mason
and hank came there
they pointed their guns towards colonel
packard and told him not to kill him
colonel packard told his men to kill
them all but now his men were also
against him because they know that kong
is not their enemy skull crawlers are
their only enemy
suddenly a giant skull crawler came out
of the water and before he could kill
them all kong woke up and squeezed
colonel packard with his hand
now kong and the skull crawler began to
fight everyone else started to run
towards the boat and when they were
running towards the boat the skull
crawler attacked them but before he
could attack them kong hit him with a
big rock after that they started to
fight with each other once again
meanwhile mason went to the top of the
mountain and fired the flare gun so that
the people in the ship can get the
signal on the other side kong got
trapped by chains while fighting with a
skull crawler the skullcrawler was about
to kill him but the soldiers began to
shoot at it so that they could distract
it from killing kong it went towards
their boat and kong freed him from the
chain
actually this chain was the anchor of an
old ship and the chain was attached to a
blade of that ship
kong attacked the skull crawler with
that blade and because of the shock wave
mason fell in the water from the top of
the mountain but kong pulled her out of
the water we saw that the skull crawler
was still alive kong put his hand inside
the mouth of that skull crawler and he
ripped off his tongue with his hand and
the skull crawler died after that kong
put mason by the lake james went to see
her and saw that mason was still alive
they saw that kong went back to the
forest
after that james mason and the other
soldiers went back to the usa we saw
that hank went back to his house after
30 years
he was so happy to meet his son and wife
and now his son is 30 years old
in the post-credit scene we saw that
james and mason were locked in a secret
room
suddenly brooks and son lee came there
and they were also on the island with
james and mason he told them that kong
is not the only king of that island
there is someone else on that island
they showed them the painting of the
battle of godzilla and ghidorah the job
of monarch was to find creatures like
these who are a threat to humans and
then kill them or keep them far from the
humans to watch more explanations of
these kinds of movies click on the
videos on your screen and don't forget
to let me know how you feel about
today's video in the comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks